Job description
For our office in Singapore we are looking for a talented security engineer to join the global security team. This role is ideal for a creative professional who wishes to immerse himself in the commercial dynamics of a successful and rapidly growing technology-driven company. In this hands-on role, you will manage and setup technical security solutions, perform vulnerability scans & security assessments and perform security monitoring activities to optimize the security levels of our high performance IT infrastructure.

You have a background in IT and information security along with having experience with setting up technical security solutions, monitoring security and documenting technical security configurations.
Your efforts will be invested in retaining and improving the IT security levels by implementing new security solutions, improving existing security measures, managing security incidents and assisting with security management activities.
You'll start with a short training of around 2 months in our headquaters in Amsterdam. After the training, you'll move to our Singapore office. You must be willing to travel internationally sometimes, as there could be projects involving travel to our offices and data centers.

Requirements

4-8 years of working experience in IT security;
Hands-on experience in preferably all of the following technologies: Firewalling, IDS/IPS, e-mail filtering, DLP solutions, PKI and Internet and networking protocols;
Experience with securing and analyzing the security of Unix and MS Windows based systems and multi-vendor networks;
Hands-on experience with working on a Linux environment;
Experience with performing vulnerability scans and manual security tests, and further following up on the findings;
Working experience with industry security standards like ISO27000, performing day to day management of technical security solutions, handling security incidents, and performing technical security assessments;
MS in Computer Science;
Preferably CISSP, GIAC or similar certifications.
Willingless to travel internationally when required.
Soft skills we are looking for:
Drive and ambition to prove yourself in a fast paced challenging, international working environment;
The candidate must be self-motivated, approachable, and adaptable;
A team player, but also capable of working independently from the Singapore office
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal)
Business oriented and attention to detail